add docs for detail query overrides (#14299)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Configuration/configuration-files/README.md

    detail_query_overrides:

>       # null allows to disable the "users" query from running on hosts.

Reviewer: I realize your addition uses wording consistent with what was already here, but I think this should change to:
```suggestion
      # null disables the "users" query from running on hosts.
```

      users: null

>       # "" allows to disable the "disk_encryption_linux" query from running on hosts as well.

Reviewer: See previous suggestion; would change this to:
```suggestion
      # "" disables the "disk_encryption_linux" query from running on hosts.
```
